Husband, let's just leave
It's too cheap to take a break with that rain, right?
The real estate manager will let Yixiu get any benefits.
A bad gambler
self-righteous
I bah
Is Lao Tzu's money so easy to get?
It's a dog man and a woman
Don't make me comfortable
They don't think it's better than you
Good house, don't worry.
I'm good at this kind of thing
Hey, husband, what did you let the dog do?
Isn't that kid Yiqiu proud?
I set his backyard on fire.
This marketing model is the convenience store marketing model
The same product can be sold nationwide.
You probably get the idea.
I understand, it's you who lost your legs.
Can enjoy this chain store marketing model
Hey, hey, are you alright?
Don't worry, it seems to be cramping.
I have a cramp, please rub it for me.
Here? Up here?
A little higher up
A little bit up here.
It can't go any higher.